presenting the Lucas lk9 7 v o0
professional - Tanya the Lucas LK 9 7 5
o LT DG o Pro is class-leading in the
vehicle DVR industry and leaves
everything else in the shadows
fitted with the finest Sony Full HD
image sensor it produces some of the
best video quality available in any
vehicle DVR
you cannot fail to be impressed with the
video produced by this dashcam and even
the nighttime footage is exceptional for
such a small lens
the lk9 7500 LCD Jiro Pro records HD
1080p at 30 frames per second for both
the front and rear cans and has a 135
degree viewing angle
meaning the Lucas 975 oduroh Pro really
packs a punch against the competition
the 3.9 7 inch LCD touch display allows
you to fully control the camera you can
change settings few recordings and see
live video streaming in real time
the LK 975 o also has full parking mode
control with built-in battery discharge
protection which is programmable from
the software and LCD display
dual SD cards offer maximum recording
times and video type separation to eight
gigs SD cards are supply to standard and
the cams feature built-in dual channel
GPS receivers that record the vehicles
position and speed for more accuracy the
Lucas lk9 7500 LCD Giro is available at
the best price for Martin Lynch & Sons
Limited so please see w WM l & s co uk
for more info
you